A Rude Awakening
\tFinally making your way over to the wooden door, you open it to reveal a tall, intimidating looking Wood Gnome. He was wearing a similar woven shirt to yours, with pieces of tree bark strapped along the lengths of his arms. He had a belt tied around his waist with a sharp stone dagger nestled under it, as well as a pair of grass pants, tightly woven together. The five-pointed leaf on his head signified him as a member of the Ground Guard, and by the way he held himself he must have been pretty of a pretty high ranking.

/conditional "\t`Morning, sir,` he said, somehow standing up even straighter than he was before. `I'm here on behalf of the Sweetgum District, letting you know that you have been summoned by the chiefbud for an emergency meeting. The meeting will take place at the Generational House in three hours, and it is mandatory that you are present.` He said it all so fast that you barely had time to wrap your head around it before he already turned to walk away."
/conditional "\t`Morning, ma'am,` he said, somehow standing up even straighter than he was before. `I'm here on behalf of the Sweetgum District, letting you know that you have been summoned by the chiefbud for an emergency meeting. The meeting will take place at the Generational House in twenty minutes, and it is mandatory that you are present.` He said it all so fast that you barely had time to wrap your head around it before he already turned to walk away."

\t`Wait, sorry,` you called out to him, to which he stopped and turned back to face you. `You said that I was summoned by the chiefbud himself?` It didn't make any sense, what would he want to do with *you?*

\t`Indeed, that is correct. It is a matter of utmost importance, which is why he sent me to deliver this message peresonally. He has specifically requested you, and you alone, and you are not required to bring anything with you.` As he turned again to go, you rack your brain trying to think of what this could be about. Did you forget an important meeting? Did someone spread a rumor about you? Shrooms, did you miss someone's Passing? You think to go back to your notes, to try and prepare for the meeting, but you can't help but just stand there in your doorway, the sound of the calm wind blowing through the grasswood. As the Wood Gnome gets further away he passes a group of children, who gawk at his bark and sword. He gives them a hearty smile and rounds the corner, disappearing from your sight.