The Mountain
\tYou find yourself on a dark, dangerous mountain. A cold and pervasive wind batters you, causing bumps to crawl up your arms and legs, and you audibly gasp at the sudden cold, wrapping your arms tightly around yourself and squeezing your eyes shut. The sound of roaring wind rushes by your ears, preventing you from even hearing the sound of your own teeth chattering. It pushes you sideways, and you almost topple over. Gnomes aren't meant to go this high up into the mountains, not without some kind of equipment. As another gust of wind knocks you in the other direction, you squint your eyes open in a desperate attempt to find a place to right yourself. You're standing on a large area of uneven rock, covered in a layer of ice and jutting out at sharp angles. Thinking quickly you cower down, trying to keep the wind from knocking you around as much as possible. It works enough, at least enough for you to get your bearings. You slowly reach out your hands to anchor yourself, grabbing onto parts of the rock that seem a little less icy.  Opening your eyes more, you can see a steady incline upwards to the right, climbing upwards until disappearing into the darkness. You cautiously look to your left and as expected, a sheer drop plummets down away from you, mere feet from where you're crouched down. Holding your breath you inch further from the ledge, and end up leaning against a vertical piece of rock, trying not to think about where that drop leads.
\tFeeling slightly warmer from not being entirely exposed to the elements, you slowly get on your feet and aim yourself towards the incline, staying as low as possible. There must be a town nearby, right? Otherwise how did you get here? Where exactly is here anyway? You can't remember going up any mountain, and trying to think about where you were moments before gives you a headache. Craning your neck you try to see if there's a light ahead. It dawns on you that you don't actually know how high up the Magmaar live, so you're not sure whether to head up or down. You don't even know the elevation you're at, you've heard that these blizzards could happen at any height. Maybe you're closer to the bottom than it seems. You turn to head down the mountain, shuffling your feet as--
\tAn enormous booming sound shakes the whole world behind you, louder than the wind itself. You frantically wave your arms around you, trying to find places to grip the rock. After hastily grasping onto the first rocks you can find, you quickly spin around towards the source of the noise, feet scraping on the ice underneath your boots. The incline ahead of you is outlined with a faint violet light, permeating the dense fog. You struggle to see it through the snow blowing all around you, but as you continue to look it starts getting brighter and brighter, faster and faster.
\tSuddenly a bright beam of light appears from behind the ridge flying upwards at speeds you couldn't even guess. It looks to be a little less than half a mile away, but even at that distance it's as bright as ever. If this is a Passing, then it is sure one heck of a Passing. But that also means there might be more people nearby. You start to climb, eagerly yet carefully, when the blast hits you. The force of the Passing was immense, and it knocked both your hands free, and pushed you backwards off the patch of ice, into the air. You felt a brief moment of weightlessness, before immediately feeling your heart sink as you began falling. The already strong wind brew more intense as it rushed past you, and what little you could see of the mountain disappeared out of sight. The only thing you could see were flakes of snow whipping past you, and the bright glow of the Passing, still heading upwards.

/option "Try to right yourself in the air" 1