A Rude Awakening
/conditional "\tYou can't believe you forgot to tie up your beard for the night, and you begin to gather all the hair that's now sticking out all over the place. After a bit of wrangling it down, you work at it with a comb it until it's relatively straight. It didn't take too long though, you had relatively short hair for a man your age, only down to your waist. You grab the first clothes you can find, not wanting the guest outside to get impatient. A set of black leather pants, a weaved shirt and a grasscloak." -1
/conditional "\tYou frantically pull your hair behind your head, beginning to brush it into place. You must have been tossing from the dream, since your hair is now everywhere. You remember your mom always told you to tie it back before sleeping, to prevent something like this from happening. You guess you just forgot last night. Luckily it doesn't take too long for you to wrestle it in place. You had shorter hair for a woman your age, only down to about your waist. You go to the closet and pick out a quick outfit, not wanting to keep the guest busy. Black leather pants, a weaved shirt and a grasscloak." 1
\tTurning away from the mirror you look around yourself. A singular circular room, you've turned the standard Ground Gnome dwelling into a place of your own. The bed is up against the back wall, across the room from the door. Your blankets are among the most expensive things you own, being passed down several generations. A couple drawers sit at the end of the bed, with a curved back so they sit flush next to the wall. On top is a framed illustration, along with a vase of flowers.
\tFurther along the wall there's a stove, along with more counters covered by a thin layer of rock, likely the legacy of a proud Strata Gnome. A metal pipe runs up through the conical ceiling, to vent the smoke out when cooking. Glancing upwards briefly, you admire the work the chiselers had done with the interior. Finally, a large desk and bookshelf sit near the window, several sheets of paper lying on the desk at odd angles. Little carved clay figures were set up in various places on the paper, but you didn't have time to get back to work now. In the middle of the room was a sitting table, sunlight streaming in from one of the upper windows. You take a quick seat to put on your boots, then stand back up, ready to go.

/examine "Look at the illustration" "\tPicking up the picture on top of the dresser, you see a drawing your father made of the land as it was over a hundred years ago, when he was a young child. A sprawling field, covered in a dense population of grasswood that stretched tens of feet high, and fully grown flowers several gnomes tall, each one a spectacular display of the beauty and complexity of nature. Looking out one of the lower windows you try to picture the fields looking that way, void of any signs of civilization. It feels almost barren, lacking any of the rich history and life that the dwellings bring."
/examine "Look at the flowers" "\tYou look closer at the vase of flowers, the bright red petals almost as big as your whole head. You gently touch the one, the soft texture of them bringing back memories of planting flowers with your mother at your childhood dwelling, flowers which now must be almost as big as the house itself. These ones would have to be moved outside soon, before they grew even larger."
/examine "Look at the clay figures" "\tTaking a look at the desk with the clay figures, you take a look at your work from last night. A map of the village was sketched out on the various sheets of paper, with small shapes denoting different houses. The clay figures were prospective locations for future dwellings, as decided by the families anticipating a Passing. The family names are carved into the sides of the pawns, and your eye is naturally dran to the ones with your own family's name. They're scattered all about the map, some bunched together, while others are more separate. A solitary one sits on the desk, off the paper. You still haven't thought about where to put yours, but you probably had a long time to figure that out."

/option "Answer the door" 3 -2 2